Fix capitalization (#20560)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/keyboardevent/code/index.md

#### JavaScript

> The first section of the JavaScript code establishes some variables we'll be using. `shipSize` contains the size of the ship the player is moving around, for convenience. `position` is used to track the position of the ship within the play field. `moveRate` and `turnRate` are the number of pixels forward and backward each keystroke moves the ship and how many degrees of rotation the left and right steering controls apply per keystroke. Angle is the current amount of rotation applied to the ship, in degrees; it starts at 0° (pointing straight up). Finally, `spaceship` is set to refer to the element with the ID `"spaceship"`, which is the SVG polygon representing the ship the player controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first section of the JavaScript code establishes some variables we'll be using. `shipSize` contains the size of the ship the player is moving around, for convenience. `position` is used to track the position of the ship within the . `moveRate` and `turnRate` are the number of pixels forward. Backward each keystroke moves the ship and how many degrees of rotation the left and right steering controls apply per keystroke. The variable `angle` is the current amount of rotation applied to the ship in degrees; it starts at 0° (pointing straight up). Finally, `spaceship` is set to refer to the element with the ID `"spaceship"`, which is the SVG polygon representing the ship the player controls.
```
